- fixes #6951: provides guidance for retry handling (#6954)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/throttling.md

For a broader discussion of throttling on the Microsoft Cloud, see [Throttling Pattern](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/office/dn589798.aspx).

> [!NOTE]

> > If no `Retry-After` header is provided by the response, it is recommended to implement an exponential backoff retry policy. You additionally can implement [more advanced patterns](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/patterns/category/resiliency) when building large scale applications.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If no `Retry-After` header is provided by the response, it is recommended to implement an exponential back-off retry policy. You additionally can implement [more advanced patterns](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/patterns/category/resiliency) when building large scale applications.  
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The Microsoft Graph SDK's already implement handlers that rely on the `Retry-After` header or default to an exponential backoff retry policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Microsoft Graph SDKs already implement handlers that rely on the `Retry-After` header or default to an exponential back-off retry policy.
```
